Everyone boy
Don't brag to your neighbor.
Do you want to hurt us?
Hurry up and leave, I didn't expect it.
Lao Sun, why are you here?
Didn't my son get hurt by his neighbor?
I want an explanation today.
outrageous
How dare your neighbor be so bold
Injure the son of the Sun family
Hey, isn't it?
Young Director, you have to call the shots for me
Even if I borrow it from the sky, we dare not be Young Master Sun
It's always the god's fault
That's him. That's him.
I got hurt.
What waiter?
So bold
Dare to hurt the son of the Sun family
Did you forget what you did?
Ah!
I'm here to find a boss named Qin Changan
Excuse me, where is Mr. Qin?
Isn't Qin Changan him?
Ah!
You are Mr. Qin
Why do you think I don't wear ordinary clothes?
You heard that I hit the surnamed Sun
You still want to help?
Hey
No, no, Mr. Qin forgives his sins
I just lost my mind
Offended Mr. Qin
Do you have any instructions for the situation call?
This person is the president of the Chamber of Commerce
Subsea Suppression of Enterprises